no it is not the world championship on
Leningrad Stadium named after the company
play zenith and torpedo are approved
booth determine which was stronger
winter onslaught then at the gate of the champ
country or daughter is impossible last
clearly did not want to speak and only by
lucky soccer field
didn't turn out the swimming pool
but the ball is in play
enemy gate storming zenith 52
minutes 10
and in a minute, another attack, the attack of Varlamov
20 zenith benefit
Leningrad had real opportunities
more than once take the gate rivals a lot
75 minutes and return goal
country champion 21 more such
wins our guys at the stadium and tongue